Scariest tale.
And full of chilling stories.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Tonight, only on SNICK.
You're not alone.
Who would have ever thought that answering a ringing phone would become a matter of life and death?
Of course, to understand that, you have to know what the profound effect it had upon my brother Pete.
Shiny.
My mom's slave.
Local mail delivery.
Our kitchen stove.
Maybe you should just watch.
An all-new adventure of Pete & Pete.
Tonight at 837-30 Central on SNICK.
Did I mention this phone has been ringing for 27 years non-stop?
Seafood restaurants.
Versus Chuck E. Cheese's.
We've got pizza.
They've got...
Claps.
Chuck E's got games.
They've got...
Claps.
Chuck E's got music.
They've got prizes.
I shouldn't say Chuck E. Cheese, please.
Yeah, remember Chuck E. Cheese, please.
It's the restaurant where a kid can be a kid.
You gotta love it, sis.
What if let's make all five left glows
then this poor pokey forget less.
You've got lots of sweet, chewy raisins
and killer raisins,
but you've got a whole lot of sweet-taste you want.
And they can say it's very little mouth.
Thank us. Two scoops for that.
Do you know that it's part of the complete breakfast?
Kellogg's Raisin Bread has got a whole lot of what you want.
Oh, my goggles!
Oh, dad.
They're not just fun.
They're goofy.
One of two goof-true postcards.
One free on specially marked boxes of Kellogg's Raisin Bread.
The time has come.
The big orange couch is in place.
So hop on.
And let the SNICK begin.
The big helpathon has been made possible
with a generous contribution from MCI.
Hi, I'm Nate.
I'm Michael.
I'm Sean.
I'm Y.
And we're Voice of the Man.
Your hopes for this special big helpathon
edition of SNICK
is right here for the next two hours.
We'll see the long-awaited episode
of Carissa Explains It All.
Congratulations.
And the adventures of Pete and Pete.
Great extended.
And are you afraid of the dark?
Yes.
Spread the word about something that's very important.
Yes, the big helpathon.
It's about knowing things.
Your community.
That makes a difference.
Next up, it's Carissa Explains It All.
Weird how there's always someone you think is the coolest.
And you can't wait to be their best friend.
And then, one day, there's a last person on Earth
you want to be friends with.
Well, that's exactly what happened to me
with Betsy Dillweather.
When we were freshmen,
she seemed to be the coolest thing since Doc Martins.
Then we all discovered Betsy's little secrets.
Or take Cody Fern hotter.
Nobody could touch him.
He made Jason Priestley look like a dweeb.
But by the time we were seniors,
we discovered he had a kind of Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde thing going on.
That other strange thing that happens.
One day, you're playing jacks and wearing a ponytail.
And then you grow up.
And the next thing you know,
you're interested in a few other things.
Which brings me to this weird thing
about the time-space continuum.
Have you ever noticed how it doesn't just move along
in a continuous continuum?
Instead, it hiccups along.
And at certain moments,
suddenly it feels like time's passed
and you're at a whole new phase of your existence.
Well, get ready for a big hiccup.
Something I've been waiting for all my life.
The end of high school as we know it.
I just handed in my third feature to the dispatch
about the mall scene and teen problems.
Who would have thought I'd become a chronicler of teen life?
Anyway, my editor even said he'd submit it
for some kind of prize.
But I just really like investigating what's going on
and trying to get an idea of what might happen.
So, from my last and final issue of the Thomas Tupper Times,
I've decided to devote the whole issue to the future.
I mean, where will we all be 20 years from now?
Got me thinking about my friends and family.
Like, I wonder where they'll be in 20 years.
The year is 2014 and the future is now.
Architect Marshall Darling,
commissioned by President Chelsea Clinton,
has redesigned the White House in the shape of an apple pie.
After Janet Darling published her best-selling cookbook,
One Thousand and One Ways to Enjoy Tofu,
she moved to the last remaining rainforest
to research her next book, Juices of the Jungle.
And after being convicted of fraud
in the Green Stamp scandal of 2011,
Ferguson Darling had a spiritual awakening
and went on to found the Church of Burgontology.
Yes, come on!
Give it to me!
Yes!
Come on!
And me?
Well, the good news is my future's all mapped out.
I'm on my way to the College of Cincinnati
School of Journalism.
Hey, Cincinnati should be fun, right?
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
I got another letter.
From one of the colleges you applied to?
Yeah.
Well, great.
What did it say?
I don't know.
I was afraid to open it.
Sam, you have to open it.
But what if it's another rejection?
I don't know if I can take it.
Sam, nobody expects to get in everywhere.
Clarissa, I've applied to 23 schools.
And that's not counting Bibbington College in Maine.
Why aren't you counting that one?
It's a girl's school.
I applied by mistake.
Oh.
So what's the tally so far?
21 rejections.
And if this one's a reject,
the only one left is Acme School of Engineering.
Well, Sam, we've got to open this one.
I should have never let my dad help me with my applications.
He kept trying to stress my athletic accomplishments.
But Sam, you don't really have any athletic accomplishments.
Exactly.
So what kind of school is this, Hamster Shire?
It's brand new.
They haven't even built the library yet.
Their idea of education is totally avant-garde.
Oh, you mean like no books, no term papers?
No.
It's like total immersion.
You set your own curriculum with your teachers.
Well, sounds great.
Open it.
Okay.
Here goes.
Dear Samuel Anders,
although we at Hamster Shire College
consider ourselves a new and innovative college,
we can find no new way of saying no.
Sorry.
Rejected by a college that doesn't even exist.
This is too much.
Sam, I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Well, I guess I'd better go check out the backs
of my dad's matchbooks.
Maybe I'll find a correspondence school
that'll take me.
Sam, you're just too original for them.
They don't know what they're missing.
Thanks.
But right now, the shanties cool of beauty
is sounding better and better.
Bye, Clarissa.
See you, Sam.
Well, Abraham Lincoln didn't go to college
and it didn't hurt him.
One way or the other, I'm sure Sam's going to land on his feet.
I hope.
Better get going on this last issue
of the Thomas Tupper Times.
I'm including a section on predictions for the future.
Here's a question.
What will it be like to drive in the information highway?
If you get hungry, will there be a Stuckies?
I wonder if you find yourself in virtual reality
and you need to go to the bathroom.
Oh, hello, sis.
Why don't you look nice today?
Ferguson, I'm busy.
Out, leave, go. Goodbye.
One minute, sis.
Um, why don't you start with the window?
Something more early American just might be the ticket.
Uh, hi there.
Hello.
Oh, Clarissa, pardon me.
Clarissa, I'd like you to meet Dudley, Dudley.
Clarissa, my sister.
Nice to meet you.
Pleasure.
Ferguson, what is Dudley doing in my room?
Sis, I want you to congratulate you
on your decision to matriculate
at the College of Cincinnati School of Journalism,
a fine institution.
Although I wouldn't call Cincinnati
one of the hottest college towns in the world,
you do have Marge shot in the reds.
Ferguson, that's enough.
Get Dudley out of here before I do it.
Okay, sis, let's cut to the chase.
Uh, you're leaving and I'm staying.
And as they say to the victor, it goes to the spoils.
Namely, your room.
Ferguson, you already have a room.
Yes, but now I have an annex.
Hey, that's my wall.
Quick, Dudley, they're right on test.
The only hazardous material in this room is you.
Now get out.
Oh, come on, Dudley.
The barbarians never understand you.
But what about the skylight measurements?
Wow.
My room and enemy hands.
Now I know how the Romans felt when Attila the Hun
was at the gates.
Hi, Mom.
That smells great.
Here, taste.
Mmm, it's really good.
Not quite rich enough, right?
Oh.
I guess a bernet sauce with pureed tofu
instead of all that egg yolk and butter
doesn't quite work.
I love French cuisine,
but these recipes are also loaded with cholesterol.
Here, Mom.
I think just a touch of real butter
should do the trick.
Teresa, there must be a healthy
substitute I can find.
You know, Mom, after all these years,
I think I'm really going to miss your special way
with tofu when I go to college.
Oh, come on, now I think that's one thing
you won't mind saying goodbye to.
College food will probably be the worst.
I'll have to live on pizza and cheeseburgers
and french fries day and night.
Thank you, Manny.
But the important thing is that everything's set.
My future is clear.
College will be great.
Yeah, and you're going to one of the best journalism schools
in the country.
Can't wait to take my first journalism class.
And Cincinnati should be fun.
It's a great city, right?
Yeah, there's lots to do in Cincinnati.
Yeah.
Like what?
I'm sure you'll find something.
You'll have a great time there.
Who that could be?
Maybe it's the French culinary police.
I better get it.
I just had to come over and tell you right away.
Isn't this exciting?
You won.
I won? I won.
What did I win?
Your feature on malls and teen angst at one first place.
That's incredible.
So do I get like a trophy or something
or maybe a plaque and a savings bond?
Carissa, I thought you knew.
Knew what?
Who sponsored the contest.
I submitted your feature to the Daily Post.
The New York Daily Post?
Exactly.
And well, they've awarded you an internship.
That's great, an internship.
What do you mean an internship?
You get to move to New York City
and work on the post as a cub reporter,
a copy assistant for the whole year.
New York City?
Carissa, this is an honor.
You deserve this. You won.
Yeah, well, it's great,
but I was planning to go to college.
Well, college is important,
but maybe you could defer your first semester
or take classes at night.
But you have to tell me right away.
We've got to let them know by this Friday.
Oh, and here's your acceptance letter.
Excuse me.
By Friday, that's tomorrow.
They're holding a place for you.
If you don't take this, somebody else will.
This could be the chance of a lifetime.
I got to go. Deadline to me.
Congratulations, Carissa.
Thanks, Byra.
Internship?
I thought everything was all figured out.
It was all so clear, so simple, so planned.
I mean, what about college?
What about journalism school?
What about Cincinnati?
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Stay tuned for more of the Big Help on SNCC.
The Big Helpathon has been made possible in part by Sony Wonder.
Happy work, the birds, the birds,
spread the word as corn flakes,
Now Kellogg's Corn Flakes celebrates the magic and enchantment of a lavish enchantment with
a special one-of-a-kind collector's box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes that will only be available
for a limited time.
My pretty topsy-tail, with your topsy-tail and brush, what's William style to do? It's fun and easy too!
You hear it's pink, pretty, topsy-tail, braided, topsy-tail, Deckerley, I love you!
The longest topsy-tail comes with her own special topsy-tail and all this.
Topsy-tail, bow it, topsy-tail, show it, you're beautiful.
My pretty topsy-tail, my pretty topsy-tail comes in sparkle fashion, ribbon, bows,
direct and a special topsy-tail.
Connects.
Connects, the new snap-together color-coded construction set.
A big help message from President Clinton.
Call the big help, pledge your time to helping and show America and the world what kids can do when you all work together.
Nickelodeon's big help pledge lines are open. Join the president and be a part of something big.
No other night, no other place.
Next Saturday.
Every Saturday night, a group of kids known as the Midnight Society gather round a campfire with what idea you find?
To scare.
Boke.
Horrify.
Alarm.
Terrify.
And brighten.
You!
Be you afraid of the dark.
Tune in tonight at 9-38-30 Central on SNCC and find out.
Welcome back.
Look what I got.
Who's this one from?
I don't know, but what do you think?
Why'd they write your name?
Looks like it's handwritten, but it could be computer generated.
Yes, standard rejection.
Yeah, but look, there's a stamp.
Someone had to put the stamp on there, that could be a good sign.
Yeah, but they've got work study students who do that.
You know, I don't understand why they don't just put a rubber stamp on the front of the envelope that says no.
Like they're trying to make me open this envelope.
I don't think this time I'm just gonna refuse.
Sam, we should just open it.
That's easy for you to say. You know where you're gonna be next fall.
Sam!
I mean, you're just gonna be sitting pretty in your school of journalism.
But Sam!
You get to go to Cincinnati.
By the way, what are you gonna do in Cincinnati?
Sam, it's not settled.
It's not? What do you mean?
My editor at the Dispatch came over and told me I got an internship at the New York Daily Post.
That's great!
Yeah, but I don't know what I'm gonna do.
And I have to give him an answer by tomorrow.
What a cool opportunity.
Yeah.
And a lot of kids take a year off before they go to college, don't they?
Yeah, I've heard of that.
And it'd be like getting a head start on your career.
Yeah.
And then there's New York.
I've always wanted to live in New York.
New York could be a pretty cool place to be.
Don't you think, Sam?
Sounds to me like your mind's made up.
I know.
What did your parents say?
I haven't told them yet.
I have to figure out how to do this.
Good luck, Clarissa.
Well, Sam, what about the letter?
Oh, right.
I'm not ready to open it.
Are you sure?
Well, let me know when you do.
Thanks.
I know I want to go to New York.
And I think I'm ready.
But are my parents ready to let me?
Well, what about wearing this one to the design meeting?
And why with the flying pigs?
I don't know, Marshall.
I don't think it's going to be such a big hit with the air traffic controllers.
Well, why don't you pick one?
I mean, you didn't like my rainbow trout or the Nimbus clouds.
I was just trying to help.
I thought you wanted my opinion.
Well, I do, but it seems every time I pick one.
Hi, Mom.
Dad, I was wondering, um, well, you know how excited I am about going to college
and everything?
Well, I hate to spring this on you, but, uh,
well, I was wondering what you think of an internship.
You know, an internship can be a great way to get a head start in journalism because...
Excuse me? An internship?
Yeah, see, there's this chance I could work for this really great newspaper as a cub reporter.
You know, sort of a Jimmy Olsen for the 90s.
Yeah, well, what about college?
Well, I'd see if I could defer college just for a little while because, you know,
my experience would be so valuable.
See, my editor at the dispatch thinks that...
Hi, Mom and Dad.
Oh, you too, sis.
Yeah, for a second I had a vision of the future and you were God.
What's everyone so quiet for?
Your sister was just asking us about the possibility of deferring college for an internship.
Is that right, sport?
At the dispatch, I assume, which means you would be staying at home?
Actually...
No way! That's not fair.
She's doing that just to stop me from taking over her room.
Calm down, Ferguson.
Dad, you took a year off college to work for an architect.
Well, it would be wonderful to have you at home, but...
I'm not sure that you shouldn't get out on your own a bit.
Um, the internship isn't at the dispatch.
It's at the Daily Post.
The New York Daily Post?
Yes. See, my editor submitted my story and it won a prize.
An internship in New York City and they're holding a place for me.
Here's the letter.
New York City?
Yep. New York City, Manhattan, you know, the Big Apple.
I know school's important, but life's important too.
Janet, New York City, my daughter, New York City?
Well, Grandma Agnes lives in New York City.
New York is a wonderful town.
She'll love it there. Let her go.
Ferguson, everybody, calm down.
I'm sorry, I just found out about this
and I thought I should talk to you right away.
I understand, Clos.
Just give us a little time to think about this.
Sure, take all the time you need.
Just let me know in, say, ten minutes.
So what's your grandmother Agnes like?
I haven't seen her since I was six.
She's very independent.
My mom says she traveled all over the world.
Gee, Sam, I hope she likes me.
She sounds great. The whole thing sounds great.
Hey, I know Clarissa.
Maybe I can go to Cincinnati in your place. How about that?
I wonder what I'm gonna do.
So that letter was just another rejection, huh?
I haven't opened it yet.
Sam, you haven't opened it?
Your future could be in that envelope.
Maybe I don't have a future. Maybe there's nothing inside it.
Well, you won't know unless you open it.
You really want to spend the rest of your life wondering what might have been?
I can't open it.
Here, you open it.
So what to say?
Sam, what college did you say you're waiting to hear from?
Acme School of Engineering. It's the last one.
Well, this isn't it.
What do you mean?
Here, read it.
Dear Samuel Landers, although we consider our school to be one of the finest in the country...
Uh-oh, sounds familiar.
Keep reading.
We've been aware for some time that our student composition needs to be expanded.
So it is with great pleasure that we accept your application
and welcome you to Bibbingson College as our first male student.
I did it. I got accepted.
Way to go, Sam.
Can you believe it? At an all-girl school, too. Wow.
Well, it was an all-girl school.
Now it's going to be an all-girl and Sam school.
Well, I've got to go. I've got to go tell my dad.
Congratulations, Sam.
Thanks, Clarissa. I'll talk to you later.
See you, Sam.
Sam, a bibbington co-ed. What would he be doing in 20 years?
After becoming the first man to head the women's studies department at bibbington,
Sam Anders was abducted by rebel Amazon babes from Planet X
and fought in the intergalactic war of 2015.
Well, I guess I sort of figured out where everybody I know is going to be in 20 years.
Everybody except me, that is. Now, let's see.
If that could be anyone, I wonder who I'd be.
We're ruined. We're going to get canceled.
Oh, nobody watches network news anymore, anyway.
I've allotted eight minutes of airtime for this interview.
Next thing you know, I'm going to be holding on cue cards for Geraldo.
Miles. Miles, I need to talk to you.
What's the problem?
Our lead guest just kicked the proverbial bucket.
The inventor of the longevity diet croaked?
Poor thing. I know. Maybe I can share my recipe for mesopay space mask.
Murphy, it really does wonders for wrinkles.
That should be a real ratings whopper.
Well, I could reminisce about my early news triumphs.
You all do remember my prize-winning reportage on the first space station mall.
Why is this happening to me?
Guys, guys, guys. Let me handle this.
I was going to save this, but...
Oh, goodie. I knew Murphy would come through.
So, is it a congressional aid? I'd be happy with George Stephanopoulos.
Someone happens to own me one.
Hello, Murphy Darling here. President, please.
Please, please, God.
The president?
I'm away.
You've got to be kidding.
Chelsea, how are you, Madam President?
Remember that favor you owe me?
I think it's time you paid up.
Well, you never know.
One thing I do know is I've got to go for it.
I better go find out how Mom and Dad are doing.
Maybe I'll have to help them along.
Dad, I was just coming to look for you guys.
Sportless talk.
Here's how we feel about this whole intern thing.
On the positive side, there's a lot to be said for learning by doing.
Yeah, but on the negative side, there's no substitute
for a complete and wide-ranging education.
We wouldn't feel right about you missing out on a college program.
Besides, New York is a difficult city.
Very exciting, but very difficult.
We wouldn't want you living in New York on your own.
You know, it's important that you understand our thinking, do you?
Yes, absolutely. But what does it all mean?
Well, in the end, we've come to our conclusion.
Which is?
It's your decision.
Is this a trick question or something?
No, not at all. And just so you know, we've called Grandma Agnes
and she's got a place you can stay.
All right, you're going to have to find a school, start a few classes.
But you know, we have some friends in New York.
So we'll come visit you. You know, a lot.
During the Christmas season, we'll want to go shopping together
on Fifth Avenue.
You mean...
This is what you really want? You have our blessing.
I forgot. Thank you.
I love you.
I'm going to miss this place.
The sweet sound of Sam's ladder.
Don't forget it. Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Guess what? My parents said yes.
That's fantastic. You're going to New York.
Wow. I see a road trip from Bimmington, Maine in my future.
So you're definitely going there?
Yeah, I can't wait. When I came home, the local Bimmington
Welcome Committee came by. I met some really cool students.
That's great, Sam.
Want to meet them sometime?
Sure.
Come on, girls, right this way.
Clarissa, meet Zoe, Naomi, and Autumn.
Hi.
We're so psyched, Sam's going to Bimmington.
Finally, a guy.
A really cool guy.
Gee, thanks.
Well, Sam's always been a pioneer.
We're heading off to a poetry reading at Cafe Let It Be.
Want to come?
Sounds great, but I'm kind of in the mood to just hang by myself.
Maybe I'll join you later.
Well, it was really great meeting you.
See you later.
Bye.
Oh, Sam, looks like you're all set, too.
Yeah, all those rejections were worth it.
I feel like I just won the lottery.
I'll see you later, Sam.
Thanks, Clarissa.
Wow, the future is looking brighter and brighter.
Hi, sis.
Coming in to try to stake your claim?
No, I figure I might hold off on that.
So what do you want?
I wanted to come in and see if you needed anything, you know, like boxes to pack up in.
Boxes?
Ferguson, I don't have to pack quite yet.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just trying to be helpful.
Um, you know, never too soon to pack.
So, uh, see ya.
See ya.
Ferguson, I'm not leaving yet.
It'll never be the same.
Who will I fight with?
I'll be stuck with.
Okay, okay.
You can even come visit me in New York.
Really, I can.
Promise?
Promise.
Well, okay, I'll consider it.
I would like to see the city.
Maybe I'll give you some pointers on Manhattan Highlight.
Thanks, Ferguson.
See ya.
Yeah, well, I guess I'm gonna miss the little dweeb.
In fact, there's a lot of things I'm gonna miss.
I guess I'm gonna miss everything.
But mostly, everyone.
How can I be homesick when I haven't even left home yet?
But I guess there comes a time when you finally have to say goodbye.
But maybe this isn't goodbye.
Maybe this is just a new beginning.
You never know.
Well, there you go, Clarissa's final episode on SNCC.
But you can catch her every weekday for an hour,
starting this Monday, right here on Nick.
Now, stay tuned as the Big Halpathon continues
with our special guest host, Boys to Men tonight.
Call 1-800-308-HELP-3 if you want to pledge three hours.
Call 1-800-308-HELP-5 if you want to pledge five hours.
Call 1-800-308-HELP-10 if you want to pledge 10 hours.
She got that one, Jumpsie.
Jumpsie comes with pom-poms and her own trampoline.
Batteries not included.
Space control had no clues.
Spirius was on the loose.
So was a maniac.
Lego maniac.
Was only big enough for one star.
The Lego maniac.
Boys to build.
The Lego System Spirius Collection.
Each set sold separately.
Batteries and maniacs not included.
Unbelievable.
Easy at Discovery Zone.
Discover what I can jump, swing, crawl.
A mountain climb is one of a kind.
What are the Nicktoons so excited about?
It's Discovery Zone where you get a free Nickelodeon Activity Book
featuring the stars of Doug, Rudd Rats,
The Ren and Steppy Show, and Rocco's Modern Life.
And savings on Nickelodeon home videos from Sony Wonder.
All in this free Activity Book, only at Discovery Zone.
This is Wellsville, my hometown.
In a lot of ways, Wellsville is like most towns in America.
The streets are safe.
The mail almost arrives on time.
And the ice cream man knows just how to beat the summer heat.
But there's one thing about Wellsville
you won't find in any other town.
And it's something that makes us tremble in fear.
It's a phone.
A seemingly ordinary pay phone that's been ringing for 27 years.
Why doesn't someone answer it?
Everybody has a theory.
Hey, you get within five feet of that baby and it's liquid brains.
Not me, chief.
I heard that when you answer it,
you learn the exact day, hour, minute, and second that you die.
Even the phone company was afraid to go near it.
We're not afraid, exactly.
Phone regulations. It's a private call.
The longer it rang, the less it seemed like anyone would ever answer it.
But someone was about to try.
And Wellsville never would be the same.
It was the hottest, doggiest dog day of the summer.
The kind of day you don't just stick to vinyl, you stick to everything.
It was one of those days when all your summer dreams
were burned out of your memory,
like butt flesh on a superheated backseat.
In some towns they blame the heat and the humidity.
But here in Wellsville,
we factor in the mind-shattering sound of the ringing phone.
It drove some people insane.
Our mom, who has a metal plate in her head, had the hardest time of all.
She says the ringing causes a sympathetic vibration in her skull.
To help her out, Dad fixed it so that when someone called,
instead of the phone ringing,
a different appliance would turn on.
Well, I guess there's a few bugs I need to work out, you know.
As for me,
I was content to spend the rest of the summer on our cool basement floor.
It wasn't exactly Thrill'sville,
but at least I wasn't outside.
Green spotted horse fly.
Bible clock.
It's going after Carl.
Carl.
You gotta get out of there.
It's on me.
It's biting.
Impervious to the summer heat,
even Pete's superhero, Artie,
couldn't pull their vacation out of the sinkhole.
About the only two people still functioning in town
were my mom and my best friend, Ellen,
helping out at the ringing phone crisis center.
Hello?
There's a freak out on the corner of Douglas and Maple.
Hurry.
Got a book.
Looks like a 417.
Good job.
Pete answered the phone.
Hello?
Pete, there's a phone crisis at Patterson Field.
He's really used to volunteer.
I'd like to, but I'm on to something.
I can see this little half finger in the middle.
I was on my way.
The born of...
Make it stop.
Kill us, Artie.
Hurry.
Soon you will be as cheesed for it.
Melty, melty, melty.
See, bike.
Shiny bike.
Go.
Follow.
Shiny bike.
As I raced to the rescue,
Pete and his friends followed me.
The way a fish follows a lure.
Hey, kid.
What were they here?
Potational pole.
So do anything to get away from the ringing.
Listen, I need you to start playing.
I don't care what.
Just make it loud.
Right.
Oh, sorry.
Wrong number.
Now we can have that little...
No more phone.
No more.
You okay?
Ooh.
That was amazing.
Well, that's what it's all about, Pete.
Helping people out.
Is there anything else I can do?
Well, we could really use some help at the center.
But it's not always as glamorous.
I want to help.
Suddenly, I had a mission.
And as it turned out, Pete had one too.
Got it.
They'll save the summer
and make us heroes.
What are you talking about?
What is it?
We're going to answer the ringing phone.
For 27 nerve-splintered years,
Wellsville had wondered who would save them
from the wrath of the ringing phone?
Now we had our answer.
There was Libby Hurley,
who had mastered the Vulcan nerve pinch.
Clem Lanell could hypnotize dogs.
Nona Mecklenburg's speech patterns
could cloud men's minds.
Pete could produce seven kinds of body cheese.
And then there was Argie,
whose powers were endless.
Carl Greenpipe, I was right here yet.
Finally, there was Carl Hated,
who had the power of being a complete wuss.
What's the matter?
Must be the forest field.
How come I could get through, huh?
Field must be attuned to my body frequency.
Get real.
You're pathetic.
Just so you know.
They had lost Carl to the ringing phone.
Maybe they'd even be better off without him.
But as they marched on to their destiny,
they couldn't help but wonder,
who would be next?
Stay tuned for more of the Big Help on SNCC.
You go, Cuckoo Puffs.
But ours has an extra ring of chocolatey taste.
Ours is packed with chocolatey taste.
Let's eat.
Cocoa Puffs is a tasty part of this complete breakfast.
For which chocolatey pump will they go Cuckoo Puffs?
Both of them.
So now, for a limited time,
mixed in marked boxes of Cocoa Puffs
is an invasion of Puffs,
who's an extra ring of chocolatey taste.
Meet the ultimate predator,
in the world of radio control.
It's virtually unstoppable.
Ten-wheel drive, 9.6-volt power,
the Rossner 10WD.
It's ten times the RC from Buddy L.
Deep inside your heart,
you know you can do it.
You've trained hard, so you can do it.
You can do anything you want to do,
but you can't play the coolest games in one second.
Welcome back.
It's been a little big help.
For 27 years, the ringing phone had made our town
a hostage to fear.
While Pete and his friends tried to stop the insanity
all at once,
I was stopping it one person at a time.
I'm sorry, sir. You'll have to speak up.
Much. Now, what were you saying?
Hello? Hello?
Sir?
Sometimes they're just looking for answers.
What do you tell them?
It's not like you know when it'll stop.
We know when it started.
May 15, 1967.
Look.
But who was the call for?
I mean, was somebody expecting it?
They think so, but nobody knows who it was.
What if you could find that person?
Pete.
Don't you see?
That's the person the call was meant for.
Maybe they're the person who has to answer it.
It makes total sense.
Pete, let's just get back to work, okay?
Rucky.
After we do it and we're famous,
would you rather have your face on a postage stamp
or on a license plate?
Or you know one of those cereal bowls
where you eat all your cereal and see a face?
I want my face and some money.
Hey, come on!
Saving you from a fate worse than death.
That's what?
It's not a day.
They belong to a guy named Len Flang.
Thought he could be a hero and answer the phone.
That's all that's left to him.
Am I a viking?
Let me guess.
A force field, right?
No, just chicken.
Fair enough.
See you later.
When we're on a lunch box.
And then there were four.
Five if you count Petunia.
It's just a pay phone, sir.
Circuits, metal and plastic.
Why do you want to shoot it with a harpoon gun?
I wanted to be a good volunteer,
but I had to find out who the phone call was for.
So I could lift the curse forever.
Hello, and thanks for calling the ringing phone hotline.
I wonder if you'd help us with a little questionnaire.
Question one.
It was you, wasn't it?
You're the one who didn't answer the phone.
Confess!
We're here to help people, not brighten them.
I am trying to help.
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you take a lunch break?
It's your first day here.
Take it easy.
I'm hot. I'm on to something.
Lunch break.
I had to stop the curse.
A curse that left its brand of madness on everyone it touched.
Pete and his friends tried to keep their spirits up,
but the combination of heat and fear is beginning to take its toll.
As for me, I was there.
Frustrated because I couldn't find the answers I was looking for.
I tried to keep my cool,
but the ringing phone was mocking me.
Who have you come for?
Who?
Tell me!
I'm not afraid of you!
You should be.
I know that voice.
You call the hotline.
What are you doing?
Don't be alarmed.
I'm a psychiatrist.
A psychiatrist?
Maybe you can help me.
Meanwhile, one last obstacle stood in the way of the magnificent four.
Out of our way, gatekeeper!
Sorry, Chief.
I can't let you cross.
The street's been declared a danger area.
I call it a stovetop.
Asphalt to stop us!
But Nona was wrong.
In fact, it took nothing more than hot asphalt to stop them in their tracks.
Freak!
You'll have to go on without us!
You can break the code of the crosswalk, Chief.
But you can't break the laws of physics.
That's what you think, crossboy?
That's it!
Problem!
Rub!
Let him!
Hey, smart guys!
What do you got to say for yourself now?
Ah!
It's over.
Come put!
Get a curcio!
At least we tried to save the town.
Yeah.
What do you want on your tombstone?
Here lies Pete and Artie.
They answered the call.
Yeah!
Ellen! Ellen!
A psychiatrist.
A Dr. Burt Looper.
He drew up this whole psychiatric profile the first passerby.
Listen, listen.
Probably filled with guilt.
Feels the need to help out.
Maybe here.
Disturbed by the sound of ringing phones.
Wow.
Who could it be?
I was about to find out.
Ringing phone crisis center.
Hey son, call me back.
And if this works, your mother will never have to worry about a phone ringing in this house again.
Mom?
Let it smell your fear!
Too late.
Finally, Pete and Artie had come face to face with their dreaded phone.
Your kind never learns, does it?
No, Artie, don't do it.
Please, boy.
Stand back!
This phone is going down for I.M. Artie!
Ha ha ha ha!
Last strongest man!
And then there was one.
It's the last roundup, cowboy-ed.
Time for all good doggies to mosey on to bed.
You giddy up now?
I know, Mom.
No, what dear?
It was you, wasn't it?
The phone call.
It was for you this whole time.
Why didn't you answer it?
Pete, I was younger than you.
I was just walking by and it started ringing and I thought it might be for me.
But I was afraid.
For 27 years?
Yeah, well, I volunteer every day.
And I've done everything I possibly can to help.
Except answer it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Look, I gotta go.
What's going on?
Somebody's gonna answer the phone.
Who?
Your brother.
Pete.
It had all come down to this.
Pete was as scared as he'd ever been.
But as he felt the panic surge through his body,
he finally understood the curse of the ringing phone.
I'll get it.
It wasn't about learning the moment of your death
or liquefying your brains.
The curse was living in fear.
And that was something he couldn't live with anymore.
Excuse me.
Joyce, what are you doing?
I should have done 27 years ago.
Pete!
Hello?
It's for you.
This is kind of personal.
Would you mind?
Uh-huh.
Why don't we talk about it, okay?
For 27 years,
Hub Callister had been reaching out to my mom.
27 years of waiting
for one woman to answer his call.
I've loved you since the 7th grade.
I just couldn't bring myself to tell you in person.
So I called you on the phone
when we walked by one day.
Hub.
When you didn't answer,
I just kept it ringing.
I got this job to stay with it.
I just hoped that someday
you'd pick it up.
Hub, I like you,
but I love my husband.
You understand, don't you?
After nearly three decades of fear,
the curse was finally over.
But as we were about to learn,
the legend of the ringing phone would never end.
Hub knew that mom would never pick up the phone,
but it didn't really matter.
To him, the rings were like an eternal flame.
He kept lit by simply staying on the line.
To this day, when we hear the rings,
it reminds us that true love,
if it's really true,
doesn't need an answer.
Just East of I-75 in North Tampa.
Bring the whole family.
We'll see you there.
Journey to Africa with the Lion King Handheld Game,
where you help Simba Dodge
will to be sent pounce on Ienas.
Man, are they ugly.
Reunite with Nala and crush the evil scar to become
I win.
The Lion King Tigers Lion King Handheld Game.
Enter the world of Walt Disney Snow White.
You can help Snow White discover the dwarves.
Just beware of the evil queen,
help the dwarves defeat the queen,
and the handsome prince will kiss Snow White.
Walt Disney's Snow White Handheld Game
and Keri's Drag, batteries not included.
What's not.
What's hot.
Quaker Oatmeal.
What's not.
All these cold cereal.
What's hot.
You are steaming strong, powered up.
Living hot, playing hot,
with this complete breakfast.
What's hot.
14 power packed flavors.
Quaker Oatmeal.
What's hot.
Quaker Oatmeal, sports tips from the BikerMice Sports Bros.
Here's Touchdown Motos long bomb, heads up.
Heads up.
It's Vinnie's three point play, off-creep it.
Into Electromag.
Yes.
BikerMice from Mars,
new sports probes and other figures
each sold separately.
Biker machines where they gonna take you.
To Space with Star Wars.
May the Force be with you.
Star Wars, Micro Machines.
There's a cool adventure in every collection.
Micro Machines, Star Wars collections
and vehicle collections
each sold separately.
Next up it's Rann & Steppy.
Akumbaya
Why don't you look where you're going?
You fool!
Hey lady, get that dog off of my lawn!
La la
Shumbulaya
You're home!
Did you have a nice day at work?
Your dinner's in the o-
Well, get it, myself.
Hurry it up, man!
Da, I'm coming, Ren!
You stay away from me!
I just want to be
Alone!
That's what I need
Is a good shame
There's my Ren!
Here, Ren!
Why you?
I can't take anymore!
I've had it with you!
And with all I'm going
Where I can be
Alone!
Hansen for all!
And I'm never coming back!
Now to be a professional hermit, Mr. Hoek
You need your very own private cave
Wow!
Now, remember the hermit union rules
No sunlight, no bathing
And absolutely no friends
Hey, absolutely no problem with that, chief
Now if you don't mind, I'll be checking in
See ya, every game
Enjoy!
Loser
Bone at last
More annoyances
Just peace
And solitude
But best of all
Yep, doesn't get any better than this
Just a little rearrangement of the furniture and
Huh?
A mummified bug man
Someone to talk to
Who can't talk back?
Whoops
Well, buddy, now that I'm finally alone
I'm gonna do all the things
I've always wanted to do
Like writing that novel
Clip my toenails
Build a gelding tin
And then I'm gonna scrape my uvula
Listen to my urethra Franklin records
I wonder when Ren's coming home
He's gonna miss his dinner
I shall go find some food
Hold the fort while I'm gone
And that coffee works
I'm a man!
Dot at the top
And work my way down
It's the pop
This pop's not brown
And I got one pop for me
And one I've just found
Why, thank you
Now we can't stop
We love our Astro
Astro pops and all your favorite flavors
Once you start, you're unstoppable
Topsy tail
With your topsy tail and brush
A zillion styles to do
Wow
It's fun and easy too
Your hair is pale
Grated
Topsy tail
With their own special topsy tail
And all this
Topsy tail
Bow it
Show it
You're beautiful
My pretty topsy tail
My pretty topsy tail comes in sparkle fashion
Ribbons, boas, barrettes
And a special topsy tail
If kids like me are in the world
I'd win everything
On your mark
It's dead
Especially the McWorld sweepstakes at McDonald's
They all have awesome prizes
And one's happening right now
So if you stay tuned
You'll get the scoop
Hey, it could happen
Last night, I walked into Mickey D's
And it hit me
The McWorld Ghostwriter Sweepstakes
I could enter free by writing in
Or get details here
If I was 8 to 13
I was, so I did
The reward
Crack in a case with a ghostwriter
Cast in New York
Plus starring in a ghostwriter book
She said every time
Dick and Harry are on her
I said, my name is Steve
Now, what was that dream you had?
Well, I'm in a cafeteria
Eating my Kellogg's Fruit Loops cereal
When I see Troy
Then something wonderful happens
Hey, I'm out of Fruit Loops
Anybody have some?
No
Darn
Yes
Darn me
I saw he was different than other boys
Want to share the fruity tasting part
Of your complete breakfast?
Our eyes locked
Want to go bowling?
He was a great bowler
Everything he drew was a strike
Fruit Loops made us happy
Happy
Is that strange?
Absolutely not
The kingdom was quiet
Until a maniac showed up
Lego maniac
You might call this castle crazy
But to a Lego maniac
It's home
Lego System Dragon Masters collection
Each set sold separately
Maniac not included
As the field of music
Captured the hearts of young and old
Became a living legend
In his own time
Now the greatest performers
Of our time
Honor the man who started it all
By singing his songs
From his hometown
In a night that's fit only for the king
Harris Casinos presents
Elvis the Tribute
Join rock's biggest stars
In their salute to the king
Only on pay-per-view
The easiest used car financing
At Ernie Hare, Ford, Jeep, Eagle
TAM-POP
Welcome back
When boys and men
In the middle of the big house
Old man
Farmer Hoek
Old father
I'm starving
What should I do?
Don't be a darn weakling boy
We Hoek's are made of sterner stuff
Why, Chihuahua
Is a natural born scavenger
Look around you, man
There's a wealth of sustenance before you
Spore like it and fungi to eat
An entire herd
So fleas, ticks, and chiggers
To raise and ranch
Why, you could live like a king
Gotta go
Could never have any sense
Gotta lay off that chili concaini
Need some real company
What a bunch of mush
That's right
You heard me
What are you playing with dirt for?
I just wanted some company
But you're your own best company
Me?
That's right
You and your feelings
Behold
Ignorant company
Let's have a party
Hey, how about a game of blackjack?
I hate game on a pretzel
Come on, guys
We'll have fun
I hate fun
Is this gonna hurt?
Go fish
Guys
Hey, you're trying to cheat
Yeah, your whole life's a cheat
He's a cheat
Did somebody say cheese?
Oh, life's a cheat
Who are you?
You're not my friends
Yours is here to check me
So you can steal all my stuff
Well, I'm on to ya
One false move and the mummy gets it
I know all about your plot
You're all in it together
Eatin' every one of you
Sleepin' in my gravel bed
Eatin' all my sand
I hear somethin' you can really hear
Broken the cardinal rule of hermitude
Companionship
And what's with all these imaginary friends?
You violated the law
You are officially kicked out of the Hermit Union
Yup, Horsey
You're back
I turned my back for ten years
And you find yourself another chihuahua
Ahem
But ran
Oh
Sure
Well, it's great to be back
Buddy
Welcome to another episode of Untamed World
As you recall on last week's show
Ren was ripped to bits by a pack of bloodthirsty Peruvian boot weasels
So I'll be your host today
Join me, won't you?
As we embark on another exotic adventure
To the far-flung corners of the world
Today we'll venture deep into the stinking urban jungles
Of the Southern U.S.
Here, the laws of time and gravity work together
In a symphony of de-evolution
Reshaping the physical and behavioral attributes
Of the creature we seek
Yes, the creature I'm speaking of
Is the rare and elusive Wiley Tree Geyser
We'd better proceed with caution
As we must venture into forbidden territory
When geyser spotting, one should always have
A handy-dandy field manual
It's filled with all kinds of important information
On how to spot and identify various species
Could that be a pair of tree geysers now?
Nope, it's just a couple of blue-crested bitties
So I says to her, I says squawk, squawk
Don't be such a schlop
I know what she means
She should meet my earthing
The only true way to spot a species
Is to identify their traits
Take the great tufted old foggy, for instance
Noted for his curious hacking call
Or the grizzled curmudgeon
Known for his sour temper
And one of nature's most peculiar partnerships
The bandy-legged codger
Whose chief activity is complaining about the government
Plays host to the near-extinct
Doddering old fool
So I snatched that silly powdered wig
Off a shepherson's head
And said, take off them scissor-sacrars
And them shiny square-box dumb shoes
And started acting like a man for God's sakes
Jay Edgar Hoover?
If I see that man's back once
I shaved it a thousand times
And it kept falling off them high heels
That would be of a ball
And had a handy-and-chase criminal
In a tight gown or a gun
Shaking all them cronies of his own
Dancing together
I said to this guy I was dancing with
What luck! It's him!
Quite possibly the last of his kind
The wily tree geyser
And it looks as if he's praying
On some unsuspecting mush
Ah-hee!
Oh no, those gums are raising shots!
Well, that's all the time we have for today
Join us next week
When we'll be learning the gentle art
Of Taxi Dermey
3-0
Help 3
If you wanna pledge 3 hours
3-0
Help 5
If you wanna pledge 5
Help Bob, if you want to pledge bye-bye with us.
Help message from President Clinton.
Call the Big Help.
Pledge your time to helping and show America and the world
what kids can do when you all work together.
Nickelodeon's Big Help Pledge Lines are open.
Join the president and be a part of something big.
Check out the cheese in this new ranch dressing.
New super cheese ranch dressing.
What's it taste like, dude?
And there's taco ranch dressing.
Remind you of anything?
From Hidden Valley.
And now there's earth powered glow tags,
five cool dog tags that really glow in the dark.
There's one wrap right on each specially marked bottle
of Hidden Valley dressings for kids.
Feel the power.
Imagine owning the spookiest moving
your friends have ever seen.
You may bless Cron.
Imagine a world where Halloween lasts forever.
The pumpkin king.
It's a video so unique you'll
see something new every time you watch it.
Surprised, aren't you?
Imagine bringing home something totally cool.
Fantastic.
Imagine what your parents will think.
Now you can own Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before
Christmas, rated PG.
She's my newborn Nancy.
Listen.
Wow, she's really sucking her thumb.
I love my newborn Nancy.
She needs some help from me.
She's got some acid fire, too.
My newborn Nancy's just like a real baby.
Time for your milk.
Hold your bottle, Nancy.
Bottle, thumb, or pacifier.
She loves all three.
She finished her milk.
I love to take good care of her,
because that's what mommy is doing.
My newborn Nancy sucks her bottle, thumb, and pacifier.
Batteries not included each docile separately.
Help for your boy.
I can hardly wait for my Kellogg's Froot Loops.
It's app day.
My, my.
Calm yourself.
I love that orange lemon-sharing
I'm in Betty flavor, too.
And to get more, you just have to follow your nose.
Point me in the right direction.
That way.
Just energetic, isn't he?
There it is now.
Whoops.
Kellogg's Froot Loops cereal with berry purple.
A delicious part of this complete practice.
I am never running out of things.
Now don't forget that.
Forget what?
Next up, it's Are You Afraid of the Dark?
He had to rewrite a book report.
Rewrite it?
His computer has a virus.
Every time he tries to print something, it gets erased.
Scary.
The only thing scary about computers
are the people who use them.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Sorry I'm late.
A computer virus ate up my book report twice.
So on the way here, I have to borrow a virus doctor.
When I get home, I'm going to destroy the rotten little virus
and find out who planted it in my computer.
Careful.
A virus can do a lot of damage.
I know.
A virus is a disease.
It gets inside and takes hold.
And once it starts spreading, it's impossible to shake.
Hey, it's just a computer virus.
Sure it is.
And it's just a computer.
But viruses can jump around.
And there's one computer you never want one to get into.
What computer is that?
The human brain.
See what?
Got a trillion bits of information stored up here,
just like a computer.
And if a computer virus got into your head,
there's no telling what might happen.
Or where the destruction would end.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story, The Tale of the Renegade Virus.
Suzanne, you've been in there for 20 minutes.
Come on, honey, it's getting late.
I need a ride to school, Dad.
What's wrong with the bus?
Hey.
Ugh.
You're going to help me with my science project tonight?
No room.
You're the best.
You need a lift to school, honey?
What's wrong with his bike?
He has a flat tire.
I'm OK.
I'll ride Evan's bike.
What's Evan going to ride?
See you, Dad.
Push your bike.
10 seconds left.
Down by five.
Evan goes long.
Touchdown!
Nice catch.
Thanks a lot.
Hey, payback for the egg you put in my sneaker yesterday.
Well, at least I didn't make you late.
What's the matter?
You got your combo?
I switched our locks.
Cute.
Real cute.
Hi, Sonia.
You going to the game on Saturday?
Yeah.
How about you?
I thought maybe we could.
I'm going with Simon.
Maybe we'll see you there.
Yeah, maybe.
I'm going with Simon.
Simon this.
Simon that.
Simon's the best.
Yeah, right.
Mr. Lewis, would you mind giving more effort
into being here on time?
Yes, Mr. Smith.
Yes, you would mind giving more effort?
I mean, no, Mr. Smith.
You like payback?
Well, just wait, Mr. Everything.
You're going to wish never.
Is this something you'd like to share with the entire class?
Maybe a little less talking and a little more
paying attention.
He's probably still ticked out.
Simon, Simon, Simon, come on.
He's finished.
I'm sorry about this morning, man.
I didn't mean to get you in trouble.
Forget it.
It's history.
Poe's ready.
Who?
Mr. Poe, the science teacher.
He's been working on a computer game for months.
We've been bugging him to get the first crack at.
Let's go.
This is not mad at you.
Yeah.
Well, I'll see you tomorrow, OK?
Mr. Poe.
Sound activated alarm.
You cannot be too careful.
You can't be too careful.
Industrial spies.
My boys, you are about to have the game-playing experience
of a lifetime.
Who goes first?
Simon, me.
You're the computer genius.
That's the beauty of this game.
You don't need to know a thing about computers to play.
Cool.
Sit down.
Make yourself comfortable.
So how do I play?
Are you familiar with virtual reality?
Sort of.
It's a computer simulation of reality.
It makes you feel like you're really there.
The technology is in its infancy,
but the possibilities are endless.
I've made a breakthrough that surpasses any known program.
My friends, we are about to step into history.
Mr. Poe, where are the controls?
Right there, in your mind.
It's almost like going into a deep dream
where everything seems real.
Your neuron impulses react with the microwave circuitry.
And that creates a certain force of energy.
You don't know what to do.
Tell them I'll be right there.
I'm reluctant to work with the government.
Too much paperwork.
Simon, what's your preference?
Would you like to go on a voyage to Saturn,
be a night of the round table, or visit the dinosaurs
of the Mesozoic?
Well, I think I'll go with the night of the round table.
Done.
Once I start you, Evan will monitor the game
while I get that call.
Now, sit back for once.
And just imagine that it's a great morning.
This is a morning.
Call in red.
There's no reason for that.
Ready, Simon?
Ready.
Then prepare yourself to take a trip.
It was all a dream.
Too bad.
How'd that happen?
Morning.
Hey, anybody up?
Mom?
Dad?
What's going on?
Have you seen Simon this morning?
No.
Funny.
I wonder where he is.
I'm right here.
Susan, would you call your brother?
Simon!
Are you down there?
I'm up here, Simon.
Mom?
I'm in here.
Don't be late for school.
Simon, could I have a word with you?
Dad?
Is Ron dreaming of something real strange that's going on?
Well, son, you're not dreaming.
I guess that leaves us with something strange.
Stay tuned for more of the Big Help on SNCC.
Get as much frosting as you choose.
Get a lot of this.
What am I supposed to make of?
Buy less clothes.
Spin this toy talking.
Forget less.
We got lots.
That's three two-year reasons that Kellogg's Raisin Bricks
got a whole lot of sweet treats you want.
And they contain very little bounce.
Take us two scoops for that.
Do you know that it's part of this complete breakfast?
Kellogg's Raisin Bricks has got a whole lot of what you want.
Oh, my God!
Oh, Dad!
They're not just fun.
They're goofy.
One of two goof-true postcards,
one free on specially-hard boxes of Kellogg's Raisin brand.
And now, sports tips from the MicroMice Sports Bros.
Here's Touchdown Modo's long-bomb heads up!
Heads up!
It's Vinny's three-point play.
Off-grease fit.
Into ElectroMag!
Yes!
MicroMice from Mars, new sports bros,
and other figures each sold separately.
MicroMachines, where they gonna take you?
To space with Star Trek.
Star Trek MicroMachines.
There's a cool adventure in every collection.
MicroMachines, Star Trek Collections, and Vehicle Collections
eat sold separately.
Okay, you little peanut butters.
I know you're new at this, but get ready.
Oh, boy.
If you want to earn your M's,
show them what you're made of.
Smooth peanut butter, go!
Geronimo!
Rich milk chocolate, go!
A colorful candy shell, go!
We're the new chocolate bunch.
Peanut butter with a crunch.
What a bright squad.
They're smart, too.
Peanut butter goes marching along.
Nick's got a secret.
Do you read me?
This is completely confidential.
If anyone finds out about this kid,
we're fertilizer.
This Saturday, The Secret's out
with the world premiere of The Secret World of Alex Mack
at 8-7 Central only on SNCC.
Vince?
Pizza?
A big help message from President Clinton.
Call The Big Help.
Pledge your time to helping
and show America and the world
what kids can do when you all work together.
Nickelodeon's Big Help Pledge Lines are open.
Join the president and be a part of something big.
Call 1-800-308-HELP-3
if you want to pledge three hours.
Call 1-800-308-HELP-5 if you want to pledge five hours.
Help 10 to pledge 10 hours.
What are you doing in my house?
This isn't your house, Einstein.
You're in cyberspace.
Cyber what?
Cyberspace.
Virtual reality.
You're still in the game, Einstein.
Except that the rules have changed.
What happened to the Knights of the Round Table?
I bloom away.
I'm a virus.
That's what I do.
A computer virus?
How'd you get in here?
All that matters now
is how I'm getting out.
Most viruses infect and destroy.
But I'm smarter than that.
I've got bigger plans.
None of this is real, you know.
It didn't go from the computer right into your head.
But I've done a little reprogramming.
I don't think you should mess with it.
Too late. You've given me the perfect setup.
What do you mean?
Once my program runs,
I'll be able to output myself from this stupid game.
Right.
Into your brain.
What?
When they turn off the game,
I'm going to stay inside your brain.
You're going to take me into the real world, Einstein.
Where I can cause some real damage.
I don't believe you.
Oh, it's already started.
Look at your hand.
But this is a game. There has to be rules.
Sure.
Rule number one.
I win.
You lose.
That's not fair.
Okay, I'll be fair.
You can escape from this game,
but you've got only...
Program will run in 10 minutes and 35 seconds.
You heard it, Einstein. Good luck.
So, what was it like to be one of the knights of the round table?
There's something wrong. There's a virus in there.
Virus? That's impossible.
There is. Things are all wrong. You gotta...
I will not sit still and let you insult my life's work.
I said out!
Hey, guys.
What's the matter? You forgot your combo?
Let's go, Evan.
Sorry, going to the game with my girl.
But, Evan! Evan!
I'm still in the game.
Open up.
And Evan, open up.
Voice.
You're late.
And this is the most important test of your life.
Does anyone know what 2 plus 2 equals?
5?
Correct. Anyone else?
10 minutes left.
Correct. Simon.
4.
And exactly what formula did you use?
We've got to get out of here.
What did the virus say?
We've got to reprogram the computer.
Enjoying the game, Einstein?
The speed of light divided by the speed of sound equals...
5.
5 minutes left.
Relax.
This is a horn. It may cause extreme warning.
Hi, Simon. How's the game going?
Evan?
Is it really you?
In the flesh.
Evan, get me out of here. The thing's gone berserk.
I know. Somebody planted a virus.
It was you, wasn't it? Where's Poe?
Still on the phone.
But come on, Simon. I thought you could do anything.
You can get out of this yourself.
Two-minute warning. This is your two-minute warning.
Did you see that?
See what?
The virus is coming for me, Evan.
It's going to take away my brain.
Get me out of here.
Not until you apologize for all the things you did to me.
What?
It's your Evan's help.
Not until you apologize...
Anybody home?
I'm sorry, alright?
I don't believe you.
I'm running out of time, Evan.
Okay, relax. I programmed the virus myself.
It won't do anything to you.
No, what do you call this?
Oh, no.
Going up.
That wasn't supposed to happen.
He's running his own program. You've got to stop it.
Okay. Okay, let me think.
I just have to enter the abort code.
It doesn't work. He's frozen me out.
You know, unfreeze it.
I can't. Nothing responds.
Won't be long now.
Evan!
Okay. You can abort from in there, but you need the code.
We'll give it to me.
I bet you can figure out what it is.
Just give it to me.
Okay. The code is my copy.
Evan?
Evan? Calm, is it calm?
Computer guy.
Can't block me out, Einstein.
If it's longer, come on.
Guess you lose.
Think so, Preston.
Now, I'll need your hand.
I think I'm going to enjoy being inside your brain.
Kiss your brain. Goodbye.
Rule number two. Forget rule number one.
Simon, are you all right?
Yeah. I'm okay.
I don't know how a virus could have gotten in there.
Me neither. Probably just an accident.
That wasn't supposed to happen, Si. I just wanted to pay you back.
Oh, you paid me back, all right.
Do you hate me?
Nah. But I can ride your bike home.
Forget it!
All right. Great story.
You know what I liked about that story?
What? No matter how bad a thing Evan did,
the Simon always forgave him.
You know what I liked about the story?
What?
That the virus is still alive.
And if you're not careful, it'll jump into your computer.
I got to go. Later.